Hi, 

Firstly, I'd like to express my condolences as I've read in the Chicago Tribune that your husband, William Nalaski, recently passed away. May fond memories of times spent together fill your heart. 

My name is Anna Källsgård, I am 28 years old and I live Sweden. I wish not to be too intrusive and if this does not feel right to you, if you don't have the energy or you simply don't want to have anything to do with this, feel free to simply disregard this letter. There are no expectations.

I am exploring the extended family of my paternal grandparents' families, of which many emigrated to Chicago, Illinois. This is the reason I write to you, to ask if you possibly are a grandchild of Nils and Svea Johnson, both of whom emigrated from Sweden?

Svea is the sister to my paternal grandfather's father, Karl Larsson, who also lived in Chicago for about a decade in the early 1900s, before moving back to Sweden and started the family in which my grandfather grew up in. Karl, and his wife Anna, moved into a farm, from which I've gotten my last name, in a tiny village called Kragared. Both my grandfather and father have been born and brought up there and I've have spent large parts of my childhood there, with my loving grandparents, Gösta and Elsie. As they have passed away, I've been clearing the house on the farm. In the house I've found many photographs from photographic studios in Chicago and Des Moines, seemingly from the early 1900s, as well as regular photographs from later times and some letters. One photograph I've added a copy of in this letter. On the backside it was written "Tom, Janis, Clifford". Is it a photograph of you and your brothers? 

If I've reached the Janis in the photograph I would like to ask if we may have some communication? I could share old letters, photographs of people you may recognise and perhaps I could ask you some questions? I would love to hear about your life and your family and, if you'd like to, I could tell you some more about my family. Further, my father, who in this case is your second cousin, would be very glad to hear about this as well. 

If I’ve not reached the Janis in the photograph, I kindly thank you for your patience. This must be a really strange letter to receive then. 

No matter the case, I thank you for reading this letter and wish you health and serenity. 

Warm regards,




Address:
Anna Källsgård
Vänortsgatan 3A, lgh 1301
431 60 Mölndal
Sweden

E-mail:
a.kallsgard@gmail.com
